Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Stocks across the Asia
Pacific under pressure. That's after bad
loans at two US regional banks sparking
worries about the credit market.
>> TSMC raising its revenue outlook for a
second time this year, signaling
confidence in AI demand. We wish
security's Dan eyes joins us live in the
next hour to discuss why he remains
bullish despite rising fears of a
bubble.
>> Also coming up here an exclusive with
Alibaba group vice president Ky Fu Jang
on plans to deploy Genai across its
e-commerce platform.
>> Plus we take a close look at how China's
export controls on the rare earth supply
chain risks a global backlash.
[Music]
Good Friday morning. We start off the
show with a breaking scoop that's really
switched things around for shares at
Nintendo, erasing the earlier losses. As
you can see, now we're up about one and
a half%. Uh, our sourcing has
effectively learned that Nintendo is
planning to massively ramp up its
production. We're looking at 25 million
Switch 2 units by the end of the first
calendar quarter of next year. Let's
flip the page, please, and have a look
at how that's playing out across the
region. So, most are still down, are
still down, in fact, as we speak. Uh,
Taiwan is coming online. Uh, and within
that market, of course, TSMC first
reaction to the Taiwan listed shares on
the earnings which came through
yesterday. We're down about 1.7 which is
fairly consistent with the move that we
saw roughly uh with the US listing
overnight. Nicke off about 8 cents at
1%. US futures are continuing to see a
slide and this is really something you
don't normally see this time of the day
uh on US futures. Flip the page please
and we'll talk we'll get into the US
regional banks issue uh in a moment
here. Dollar is on track for the worst
week since July. Interesting though is
we're still in the shutdown. We still
don't have data, but we've fully priced
now, as far as rate markets go, a rate
cut at the end of this month. And just
on that very note, the 2-year yield has
now touched the lowest since 2022.
Uh the other story, of course, is with
gold, silver, precious metals, and as
you can see, we're just about 30 bucks
now from hitting that 4,400
milestone on gold futures. Uh we're
looking now at 60 bucks as well to the
downside on Brent which um would be if
we close below that would be the first
time uh in several months we've had a
five handle on Brent. Uh and going into
the open today 20 27 minutes away uh we
are entering uh some decent earnings
coming through. We'll talk about that
list in a moment but yeah we are looking
at declines here in the order of about a
third of 1%. Again the fix of the day
will be very much in focus following the
strongest one going back uh 12 months
ago from PBC on Thursday. Yeah,
certainly you're seeing a lot of
questions about the US regional banks
sort of the credit stress and you know
really raising a lot of questions about
private credit now uh that certainly is
setting some wobbles across this market
at a time when you're seeing a flare up
in US and China trade tensions. So
certainly risk sentiment is something
that we're we're contending here today
and people are kind of pulling back from
risk this morning. So in terms of your
agenda, we're watching a lot of things,
right? Of course, leading up to the end
of the trading week as well. And we take
a little midpoint. That certainly is one
thing to watch as Dave mentioned there
uh for the past 12 months or so.
Certainly uh it it we'll see if there's
any sort of support for the currency
here in the face of the sort of uh blow
up in in US and China trade war and the
like here. So certainly that's going to
be the key focus. Futures are in the red
this morning. So obviously in terms of
sectors to watch, it's the precious
metals, the gold, the silver miners out
there. uh delivery certainly is going to
be interesting given our interview with
of course the Alibaba uh and also when
it comes to financials uh watching very
closely with that one here as well. Um
in terms of energy and casinos right
because given what Dave mentioned about
oil prices at fivemon lows uh casinos as
well we had the third quarter VIP gain
revenue rising to the highest since the
fourth quarter in about six years or so.
So that certainly could be a key driver
here today as well. In terms of
earnings, of course, we confirmed also
that, you know, some of the chipmakers
like Hammercon are reporting later on
today as well.
>> Yeah, this is going to be the first, if
you think about it, this is the first
time we're going to get a set of results
as this company really has come under
the spotlight from investors. You know,
on that very note, the other big name
that's coming out today is Zing Mining,
of course, on the back of, you know, a
lot of these gold plays as well. So keep
your eye on this as we go into the thick
of Friday. Futures as we were pointing
out though uh is move are moving to the
downside really down to renewed
concerns. Who remembers Silicon Valley
Bank?
>> Yeah.
>> Remnants of that story from a few years
back. Let's bring in Paul Dobson out of
Singapore, our our Bloomberg uh
executive editor right now for Asian
markets to help us understand. Paul,
yeah, we woke up this morning several
headlines including of course where we
are with Jeff in private credit. Paul,
how do why is this scaring investors at
this point in time, Paul?
>> Yeah. Hi, good morning, David. Um, good
question. I think, uh, two things. One,
uh, it's about timing basically more
than anything else, right?
Already in the last few weeks, we've
seen a couple of uh blowups on quite a
large scale due to uh bad credit,
fraudulent um uh arrangements uh taking
down uh the the um the a couple of the
companies in the US. And that spurred
Jamie Diamond to make those comments
about, you know, there's more
cockroaches likely to be out there,
i.e., you know, if if there's one or two
bad uh credits in the market, there's
probably a few more. And so lo and
behold, right on the back of that, we
have these uh this piece of news um that
a couple of uh the US smaller banks um
made some loans uh that that uh were
fraudulently kind of um uh or or
involved in uh companies that had used
them for fraudulent um uh lending on
only small amounts, only like $50
million, not huge amounts. uh and yet
because of that timing, it raised that
concern about what are the credit
standards like in the US markets at the
moment. Um and particularly what are
they like for uh the smaller regional
banks given the context as you mentioned
David of Silicon Valley Bank and all of
that that went uh wrong a couple of
years ago and people then tend to get
very jumpy about uh those smaller
regional banks because you know they
they're not somebody like JP Morgan that
can absorb this and carry on with no
worries whatsoever. And so the stocks
fell um uh across the board and that
sort of you know just sparked a little
bit of contagion across the the broader
markets. It pushed down bond yields.
People looking for a little bit more
safety. Little bit of uh worries maybe
showing up in uh credit in the in the
short-term uh interest rates markets as
well. Um not something that shouldn't be
able to be contained, but it's more that
you know drip feed of you know bad
lending. And the question is, you know,
should you be worried about the lending
standards or, you know, should you be
comfortable with the fact that this
isn't a credit risk per se? It's just a
a few bad actors.
>> Yeah. I mean, is it just one cockroach?
You know, as Jimmy Diamond said, Paul is
one thing. And, you know, we've had so
many guests that come on the show that
talk about, you know, if you want if you
want, you know, the the alpha, if you
want good returns, you go into private
credit. Is that sort of narrative do you
think now being heavily questioned in
this market?
>> No, I don't think that's really the
case. Um, yeah, private credit, you
know, is a lot less transparent, but I
think that in most of these cases, it's
not a question of the credibility of the
lenders. It's not a question necessarily
of um, you know, the overall standing of
the people that are taking the loans.
It's more a question of how much due
diligence is being put into individual
cases and how easy is it to game the
system for some of these um people that
have been you know misusing collateral
or promising collateral that hasn't
really been there uh for the lending
out. So I feel like you know to to
broadbrush or read across to that as all
private credit is in trouble now I think
would be a very big step and probably an
erroneous calculation at this point. On
the other hand you know there will be
more scrutiny now. I guess everybody
will be looking again at their loan
portfolios and just double-checking on
the collateral on the people that
they've been lending to. Are they sure
about it? And you know, it's a good time
to get your dirty dirty laundry out in
public if you do have to make a
confession given that um there's more
scrutiny of that right at this moment in
time.
>> Paul, be before we let you go, just a
quick word if you could on commodity
markets. Obviously, gold's continuing
this record-breaking rally. And on the
other side of the commodity spectrum is
oil flirting with 60 bucks and really
down to I think conversations with
around Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin
and potentially more oil supply. How is
your team looking at those two things
today?
>> Um well gold you know David you you're
probably more excited about it than I am
but uh is really in this kind of
frenzied uptrend at the moment. uh you
know on a ninewe winning run and this
week is the biggest of all of those
weeks in terms of the the gains and when
you boot up your Twitter feed or
whatever you'll see you know it's not
just the gold bugs that are tweeting
about it it's the big names out there in
the market the Ray Dalios and Muhammad
Alerians talking about what's going on
in gold and wondering how far the rung
can go you know and it's backed up by
there's all of these pictures of people
queuing to buy or to sell uh from
Australia to Hong Kong to Vietnam you
know uh we had some nice stories about
that in India people still buying people
seeing the prices going up and thinking
heck I better buy now rather than wait
and that's you know giving this upward
momentum uh further impetus. So uh gold
people people maybe want it for safety
and and so yesterday would be a good
example of why you'd buy it but it's not
just that it's performing in all sort of
markets at the moment. So it's more sort
of a self- sustaining kind of better buy
now rather than later uh worry at the
moment. So maybe that runs out of
momentum at some point. oil prices, you
know, good news if prices keep falling
basically for the rest of the world.
>> Paul, thank you. Our executive editor
for Asia Markets, Paul Dobson, there
joining us out of Singapore. Let's talk
about another stock here this morning,
TSMC, right, raising its outlook for the
year and projecting mid 30% growth in
annual sales. You see the stock reacting
in Taipei here this morning. We're down
more than 2% here right now. Let's get
to our Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst Steven Jung. He joins us here in
our studios. Uh it seems like these are
blowout numbers but the stock is selling
off in some ways. What were some of the
key takeaways for you?
>> Uh I think obviously for the result
itself is definitely a very solid set of
result. We have a solid revenue you know
a strong margin and record
profitability. So uh it's strong and
guidance also uh went up but then to
some extent some investor may have
already expecting higher uh growth or
kass for this year and then so people
asking about what going to happen in
2026 management didn't really provide
any sort of uh quantitative indication
except saying that the AI demand is
accelerating. So the message obviously
is uh positive but maybe not strong
enough for some investor given that the
share price has been so stellar uh year
to date. Um but in general I think the
overall AI demand accelerating uh is is
definitely uh we have a strong
indication for that as so uh for 2026 uh
we're still expecting continual revenue
strength and also the potential uplift
of the capeex.
Yeah, the I mean to your point right the
stock has done not just this stock
everything else around it has done done
tremendously well you know what how good
can earnings really be to justify this
so people don't get scared and I
understand how markets can get carried
away sometimes in terms of exuberance
but as someone who looks at the
fundamentals of these companies see a
capex figure are there any signs that
even the companies themselves might be
overexuberant over the future
>> uh I think
At the moment uh while we do see the
acceleration of AI investment uh but you
have to uh those investment are really
just sort of control or dominate by a
number of big companies
>> is supposed to be uh some investment
like across
uh a group of uh uh corporates. I think
that's part of the reason why people are
arguing about whether is this investment
or uh is there an overheat situation uh
because you know the margin for error is
actually tiny and then uh so for the
moment I think uh from at least from
TSMC's perspective uh they are
definitely the leader in the leading
edge chips. So no matter how it goes, as
long as this AI investment continue, um
TSMC will benefit no matter the future
is go for like GPU or ASIC, you know, uh
TSMC is definitely has a very strong
role there.
>> Fantastic. There we go. Stephen Chung
there, of course, our senior analyst at
Bloomberg Intelligence. Just some
breaking news right now. This is another
um another Bloomberg scoop. This
concerns Ripple Labs and quite a big
number in terms of this fundraiser about
a billion and this is really to
accumulate uh more of XRP which is of
course the digital token linked to the
company itself. Uh yeah it looks to be
and just looking I'm browsing through
some of the takeaways here across the uh
the Bloomberg scoop is concerned some of
some of the funds will be housed inside
this new digital asset unit. Uh that's
according to people familiar with what
is going on. There we go. XRP on your
screen three and a half% to to the
upside here.
>> Yeah, it's interesting coming at a time
when you know crypto markets are still
quite fragile here eventually when it
comes to these digital asset treasuries
and the like here. So we'll see how this
fares but yeah you see XRP doing quite
well here this morning. And we're coming
down the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen and Hong Kong. Futures are
lower this morning. This is the China
show.
[Music]
Uh good morning and welcome back. Happy
Friday to you. We'll start things off in
the segment with the reference rate.
Another one below the 710 handle uh
70949 there against the dollar. Stronger
fixings of late this week, particular
Wednesday, Thursday, and now Friday
coming out of the PBOC. the US dollar,
the Bloomberg dollar index is on track
for the worst week uh in several months.
Now, u on this equity market rally in
China moving into the potential meeting
between the two presidents, Morgan
Stanley came out with a note and what
they're saying is be a little bit
careful. Yeah, you can buy the dip. Yes,
it might fall, I think about 12 or so
percent based on what they're
forecasting is. So, maybe chill a little
bit and just maybe have a better
understanding of how things go,
particularly as we move into that
meeting. Yeah, let's bring in Eva Lee,
head of Greater China Equities at UBS,
Global Wealth Management, Chief
Investment Office. Uh, yeah, obviously
we've seen tensions with the US China
flare up again here at a time when, you
know, we are witnessing a bit of a
fatigue maybe in this bull market. How
are you looking at things as we
countdown to APE?
>> Well, in fact, there are two things,
right? In addition to APE, we have the
fourth panel meeting next week. So even
though we're not going to have a lot of
detailed policy but it will gives you
sort of the direction like how much
emphasis they would put on onto digital
economy in terms of contributions to
GDP. I mean if they sort of saying oh um
we will set say low low teens in terms
of a target contribution from currently
10%. So I think that is a step up not
only that they see the importance but
also it's also reveal that the policy
wise remember back in five years ago we
have some turbulent times um but so
meaning that this will be the past and
they will be focused more on to building
up you know that contribution I think
that's these are important if I were to
sort of think about it obviously
>> leading up to Apac we will probably find
out more in terms of the trade talks
when they will eventually come up with
the numbers or range in terms of tariff
rates at the moment we all know that
130% it's not a proper you know final
deal u but eventually how they would
come up with that with uh in terms of
negotiations I don't I think it's a
lengthy process anyway
>> it's not easy fix
>> um I think to the point you just made on
the plenum you know very few people have
actually looked at that and framed that
as a potential potential market moving
event.
>> U is that why you're upgrading tech?
>> Uh partly partly we we actually have
been seeing uh well actually remember
back in FAB early this year the
symposium hosted by Shuin P.
>> Right. Yes. Yes.
>> That is actually a breakthrough.
Obviously the dip seat lead up to this
symposium and then after that we
actually have been seeing you know all
these companies putting the money into
work into AI capex and then following
that in the second quarter results we
see AI monetization a lot earlier than
what people expect. So it's not just
spending
>> because FT news is talking about
spending.
>> Do we see the benefits out of it?
um two companies telling you that they
actually able to uh use that on
advertising on search they managed to
generate more click rates um take rates
also you know have gone up
>> they're able to charge money to the
merchants because of the AI support they
gave
>> I think all these are very important in
terms of leading up you know why these
stocks now trading at higher valuation
compared to the past
>> what can you still chase in this China
tech space then right now in the short
term
>> well obviously we are we have been
seeing one e-commerce play doing very
well
>> uh the another gaming play sort of lag
so we probably can you know do a bit of
rotation um in terms of positioning but
when I sort of looking at the broader
spectrum China versus US tag what I
noted is if I were using the PEGA like
PE to growth ratio China tag it's now
1.4 1.5 times US tax 2.5 so meaning that
if you really looking at PR they are all
at you know China it's like 17 18 times
US 22 times
>> but when you sort of including the
earnings growth the China tech earnings
growth it's higher
>> maybe due to base effect in terms of
where they are in terms of the AI you
know sort of um development US probably
a little bit more advanced compared to
China. Um and then on top of that the
chip localization I think this is very
important the it it sort of lay out or
give you the reason why at the moment
>> China seems to be having a stronger
stance in the negotiation with us so far
I mean what we have seen in the past two
weeks or so
>> um the the reason is they feel that
gradually they probably can rely on
their own domestic trip
>> they can gradually rely less on the trip
from the US.
>> Okay.
>> They still be able to develop AI.
>> Since you mentioned valuations in AI,
what what about hardware? That's also
been an AI play ecosystem, but
valuations look very expensive on that
on that front.
>> Yes. I mean the the leading foundaries
because at the moment if you sort of
talking about the the foundaries is one
big company, right? Yeah.
>> So all the no matter a share or H share
all the value or interest going into
this one stock but aside of it we have
equipment that doing you know the chip
uh processing the manufacturing. I think
they are also interesting play within
the equipment space. Um so anyhow this
is how I would position in terms of the
overall targets. the biggest foundaries
you probably should position money the
leading play
>> and also um some of the data center you
know I think it and humanoid humanoid is
also another topic that some of these
China pretty advanced in terms of
manufacturing and supporting even some
of the US companies as well
>> Eva we'll have hold that thought more
from Eva Lee head of greater China
equities at UBS global wealth management
chief investment office here as well
taking a look at the pre-market in Hong
Kong that's opening up here right now as
we wrap up the trading week it is
Friday. Uh we got there uh slight
moderate declines here right now.
Futures are still uh slightly in the red
here this morning and 711 so 12 for the
currency after that strong fix here once
again. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. The pre-market is looking
like this. We're looking at a 10 to 1%.
So, some weakness coming through there
in the Yeah, in in in the equity
complex. I should also just mention some
uh we're now looking at the lowest
remixing going back to literally this
time last year, October 15, 2024. The
strongest fixing in 12 months from the
PBC for a second straight day. And
taking a look at when it comes to stocks
to watch, we're focusing on the banking
sector given some of the the concerns
around credit and the like when it comes
to some of these regional banks in the
US. Uh for the most part, the regional
gauge is actually falling, but the ones
in China at least the ones listed in
Hong Kong are doing fairly okay and kind
of bucking the trend in some ways here
as well. You take a look at how the tech
space is doing. So, uh focusing a little
bit more on the food regul delivery side
of things here. So, we've heard some
talk about tightening regulation when it
comes to these food delivery companies
there. Uh and we are seeing a bit of
downside when it comes to JD but just
marginal. And Macau casinos we talked
about third quarter VIP gaming revenue
actually was quite strong. Uh we take a
look at it a mixed picture across some
of the casino operators here this
morning.
>> Yeah, we're looking at VIP revenue up
3.4% that's from the previous quarter as
well and we're looking at total giving
you uh uh plus 13% to just over 62
billion. That's Pakas there. So yeah,
we'll have a look at this plus the
opening bell in a couple of minutes.
Stay with us. This is the China show.
Good morning.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome. You're watching
the Welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. 40 seconds to the opening
bell. stronger fixing again coming out
of the PBOC. We're looking at weakness
broadly across the region across tech.
Uh TSMC was down uh in the opening
minutes in Taiwan following earnings
there. It's also a decent earnings
docket here. Uh in greater China,
Hensing Index is down about a tenth of
1%. Apart from that, everything from
rare earths, gold and regional banks is
a US story, but that's we're feeling
that somewhat here in the Asia Pacific.
>> Yeah. If there is sort of a banking
credit stress uh in the US, does that
have swift implications for the US
economy? That certainly is one key
question that we're asking here today
and coming at a time when you are seeing
the US and China battle it out when it
comes to rare earths chips herbs and the
like and that does not be you know a
good kind of concoction when it comes to
risk appetite here today. So as we try
we end up wrapping up the trading week
here this is what we're looking at here
on the onore markets. So we are seeing
some slight declines here in the CSI
300. We're still trading around that
4,600 level here this morning. Bonds are
a bit up though. 30-year yield is up
some down some two basis points uh this
morning. We've been tracking the move in
oil markets talking about the fivemonth
lows that were hit when it comes to
Brent and we are seeing Shanghai crew
follow in that. We're down about 2% when
it comes to the futures there. Uh
focusing on a little bit more on some of
the some big cap names. I see ATL are
doing h okay but taking on Capricorn
Technologies that is down some 1% ahead
of those earnings that come out later on
today as well. to the Hong Kong story.
This is how we're looking at here as we
are on track for a second week of losses
when it comes to Chinese equities. HST
seems to be on offer here today. We're
focusing on the likes of Alibaba, Mtoan.
There was some new, you know, rhetoric
around tightening regulations of some of
these food delivery companies. We have a
good interview with Mimllo with some
some executives on the Alibaba side of
things coming up here as well. But
Alibaba down at 1% mtoan in similar
fashion here this morning. 10-centent
though not doing a whole lot. But yeah,
we're focusing on the currency, right?
We said it's the second day in a row
we've actually seen quite a strong fix
from the PBOC and we're hovering around
that 7-Eleven handle here right now,
Dave.
>> Yeah. Uh and I think UBS is saying that
we could actually get uh 7.0 is within
reach uh in the view of UBS. We now
forecast USD CNY onshore to be at 6.9 by
the first half of of 2026. Uh very very
quickly, we're looking at gold stocks
coming up on your screens. This
debasement
conversation FX to gold then yeah have a
look at that so mining out with earnings
later today and oil stocks of course
should be moving to the downside we're
looking at Brent at about 60 there we go
and of course we're looking at do we
have the Shanghai crude contract last I
checked that was also flirting with uh
the troughs of of the year so far by the
way speaking of energy bottom up the
screens right now down one and a half%
that's really been one of the
outperformers actually this week in fact
the next graphic is about to show you
this so everything. So it's financials
number one, energy is number two this
week in terms of sectors and then the
lagards as you can see uh commercial and
communication services that's
effectively your 10 cents of the world
and it is down about 7%. So this
rotation back into maybe some of your
dividend plays and out of some of your
big winners here.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Eva Lee, head of
Greater China Equities at UBS Global
Wealth Management CIO uh their office.
Um take a look. I mean it's interesting,
right? I mean this rotation back into
some of the financials do you see that
there's a bit of style rotation now in
this market?
Well, definitely after the you know
strong move of the growth stock or
internet stocks um so there we did see
you know the flows are rotating into the
value the dividend yield um you know the
likes of telos energy uh utilities banks
these these are the you know good
dividend yield stocks um last like and
look at the China banks average dividend
yield is still at 6%. Like if you
compare to the 10-year government China
10ear government 1.8 eight to 1.85.
>> Yeah,
>> decent carry, right? So to position in
and if you sort of looking at Asia, I
think it's just similar. We I think
yesterday the M1 supply data showing
that people really have you know moved
part of the deposit into work which is
equity uh positioning. So and the first
stop apart from the tech stocks they
will still sort of position into the big
banks that they believe in insurance as
well
>> the dividend plays. Yeah.
>> Why have insurers done well? I mean I I
was looking at some of these names as a
sector financials have done well
certainly but insurers have also done.
Is that a play on the markets being
doing well as well?
>> I think the uh first dividend yield
they're not that high. I mean I think
fourish or so
>> on the insurance specifically
>> on the insurance companies but they have
been generated a lot of this new money.
for people now normal property
investment right so where they could put
it in directly into equity market or
into insurance funds that they give you
some sort of return right
>> so the NBV the net business value growth
I think in the coming result you see
some good numbers coming through
>> uh we were just talking about your your
view on on dollar China you said seven
is within reach what gets us there
>> I think the the stance the government
stance is very clear they want
stabilization of the currency. I
understand that people were saying hey
economy was not that great.
How does that man up into seven but I
guess is at the moment when we see sort
of new growth driver coming through.
China want to keep a stance is the
currency is stable at it is or even
could strengthen a little bit and versus
uh we are seeing you know the versus the
US dollar currency probably soften a
little so that is um resulting to a
relatively strengthening of B
>> Eva great to have you Eva Lee head of
greater China equities at UBS global
wealth management chief investment
office now some news now we're talking
about what's been going on in trade and
Chinese commerce minister wa is blaming
the US for a recent escalation in trade
tensions. Speaking with Apple CEO Tim
Cook on Thursday, Wang said the recent
deterioration in relations stems from
Washington's series of restrictive
measures against China. Meanwhile, Wuing
Bo, an adviser to the Chinese Foreign
Ministry, told us on Thursday that China
wants to work with the US but is
prepared to walk away.
Every time when we sit down for
negotiation, you know, if no agreements
could be achieved, we can walk away
without any agreement. So that's
something we can accept. We don't beg
for negotiation. We don't beg for talk.
We don't be back for uh you know
achievements. But if you have the
willing to strike a deal, we are
prepared.
And China's move to unveil export
controls on the rare earth supply chain
is at the center of renewed tensions
with the US. And now there are risks of
a global push back with other countries
seeking to form a response. Joining us
from Washington now is Graceland
Basaran, critical mineral security
program director at CSIS. Grayson, it's
great to have you. Um, it's we're we're
still trying to figure out why, you
know, China seems to have gone from a
position of hesitation when it comes to
rare earths to now a bit more assertive.
Why do you think that is? And do you
think in some way they are overplaying
their hand now?
>> Thanks so much. It's great to be here.
China has taken an increasingly
assertive stance over the better part of
this year. What we really saw starting
April 4th was a series of increasingly
restrictive measures. first broad-based
in terms of requiring export controls to
the most recent restrictions last week
essentially prohibiting the use of any
Chinese heavy rare earth or magnets in
any foreign military use which is a very
very strict uh restriction. Now is China
overplaying its hand? China's in a tight
spot. China's economy is kind of facing
you know some of the highest levels of
deflation in modern Chinese history. You
have high youth unemployment. You have a
struggling property sector. you have
soft demand on the back of these
challenges, what China is really looking
for is a more durable tariff policy. The
trade war is having real economic
consequences with the United States. And
so going into these negotiations, China
is trying to take as much leverage as
they have, but the risk is that many
economies of the around the world are
now mobilizing to counter China's
restrictions.
>> Right, Graceland? The This is David
here, by the way. So I have a I have
two-part question for you on that. So do
you should we consider a somewhat
watered down version of these
I don't know is restrictions or or or
policies around uh magnet exports
eventually eventually. That's that's the
first part of my question. Number two is
is this more a PR exercise for China
than it is an economic question.
>> It's certainly a a negotiating tool. If
you go back and you look at the
announcement from the Chinese Ministry
of Commerce, it explicitly says, you
know, China is open to bilateral and
multilateral conversations around these
export controls um in terms of, you
know, how to create resilient supply
chains. So, it's certainly leaving the
door open for a conversation not only
with the United States, but also with
other countries. Now, these
restrictions, again, some of them have
quite a there's a runway before they go
into effect. some of these restrictions
don't go into effect until December 1st,
essentially creating what is about a
month and a half or so of room for
negotiations. And we could see various
things come onto the table here in
beyond rare earths and magnets, tariffs
and semiconductors.
>> There is this perception that you know
given this more assertive stance from
China that it is disrupting global
supply chains for no obvious reasons,
right? and the collateral damage that we
could be seeing for the rest of the
world. How does China counter some of
those perceptions per se, Gracelyn? And
and do you think that there is going to
be substantial impact when it comes to
global supply chains? Now,
>> it might be too late for China to
reverse the damage that has been done
that's been done. It is really hard to
see a world where the likes of Japan,
Australia, the EU, the United States,
Canada pull back efforts to essentially
warp speed the development of not only
rare earth capabilities but permanent
magnets. Even if you were deescalate
conflict, the trust has been broken in
terms of going back to having a more
harmonious relationship for crucial
supply chains. And again, keep in mind
this comes on the back of two years of
weaponizing minerals. It was about June
2023 when we started with gallium and
germanmanium restrictions which infected
the chip sector, tungsten, antimony,
rare earth, permanent magnets. So I
don't know that there's an easy rolling
back. It it see it also going forward
when we look at multilateralism which
looks quite different in the Trump
administration. Critical minerals are
one of the areas where everybody seems
to want to work together. We've seen the
G7 start to talk about a joint price
floor to create a market outside of
China. So I think that line has already
been crossed in terms of uh where we're
headed.
Gracine, I wonder why the rare earth's
and the magnets component is creating
such a big push back when you look at
say G7 you just mentioned that right but
I mean the US is doing the same thing
but it's for semiconductors right the
foreign direct product rule they're just
and they've been doing that for decades
it's directed at China so what's what's
the difference you think
>> so what's really difficult about this
role and I'm not you know absolutely
Here in the US, we've been re using this
rule particularly uh frequently since
2020. What's difficult about this rule
is number one, it's really crippling to
the defense industrial base. These
restrictions are targeted at the defense
sector. When you think about the math of
what the supply chain looks like, it's
really hard to find any alternative
solution here. You're talking about
China, which produces what 60% of rare
earth, separates between 70 and 80% of
them, and then produces about 93% of the
world's permanent magnets. This rule
applies to any magnet that uses just
0.1%
of heavy Chinese heavy rare earths.
That's almost every magnet on on Earth
right now. So what this does is it
essentially uh cripples our our defense
line along with many of our allies and
and uh you know in an era of increasing
conflict and tension not only in the
Indo-acific but in Eastern Europe in the
Middle East puts us in a pretty
precarious position. So while it's true
they've you know both been used it's the
concentration of capabilities in China
for the entire supply chain that makes
this particularly punitive.
>> Graceland thank you so much for the
time. Uh let's speak again soon.
Graceland Bascar on their critical
mineral security program director at the
CSI is right. Uh our Bloomberg opinion
columnist David David Flickling here on
this specific rare earth fix topic has a
really good piece here saying that the
US needs to spend get this about two to
u quite a big amount there uh of of uh
monetary value to secure supplies of
rare earth mineral. subscribers can read
about that piece on that piece rather on
the terminal and also on
loomberg.comhead.
This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. So, Singles Day, that's the big
Alibaba spending festival actually
kicked off in just a few days ago. Uh
already a number of brands surpassing a
100 million remmbb in first hour sales
already exceeding last year's figure.
Let's bring in Midman Low, our China
correspondent in Shanghai for us to talk
us through the progress we've seen and
what is yet ahead. Midman, you were
actually at that briefing, that media
briefing yesterday. What's what's
different about this year's singles day
strategy?
Yeah, I think the biggest difference is
that Alibaba this year is launching the
biggest ever deployment of AI across its
e-commerce platforms and services. We're
talking about AI assisted search and uh
recommendation algorithm for consumers.
Also AI generated content for merchants
that could help them lower the cost of
advertising. There are a number of AI
native tools in the app, including, for
example, an AI virtual uh tri uh fitting
room, if you will, where you can get
your AI avatar that is supposed to be
true to size to try on some of the
clothes that you're interested in
trying. And you can see on this screen
here, there are some significant returns
on their AI deployment. So far, we're
talking about a 10% increase in
click-through rate, 20 percentage point
increase in product relevance, and a 12%
increase in ROI when it comes to
advertising spending. And I got a chance
to speak to uh the vice president of
Alibaba yesterday exclusively. And
here's what he said about the a impact
of AI on customer experience. Have a
listen.
We actually uh did a very substantial
rework uh of our search and
recommendation this year starting with
our two billion product listings, right?
Because we have really one of the
biggest product category in the world uh
which is two billion strong and we we
actually used AI and large language
model to rework that underlying product
catalog. We enriched the product content
when it also reindexed the entire
product catalog which is a foundation
for the search engine. And you can ask
our search engine what is the best gift
for someone who's really stressed out in
high school and he's having headaches
for example right and AI will be able to
comprehend your under your your uh your
semantic query and to analyze your
underlying need and give you
recommendations of the right products.
So this was not possible in a simplistic
search engine where you have to tell the
search a product name and it's going to
give you that particular product. So you
mentioned 20% increase in product
relevance. So does that mean we can
expect very robust numbers from this
year's November 11 sales?
>> So so a 20% is actually a very large
number, right? Because I mean we operate
a very mature tax stack. I mean this
technology stack has been optimized year
over year for many years. So you don't
often see 20% lift in AB testing but we
are able to achieve that um with large
language model. Um, of course there are
modifiers, right? That's 20% increase in
relevance when the consumer's queries
are semantically complex, right?
>> How much is the conversion rate though?
>> So, so uh, so if you have a 20% uplift
in relevance, the conversion rate
improvement is also quite significant.
We are able to achieve a 10% improvement
in our clickthrough uh, by using large
language model to give the consumer more
positive surprises. Right? The idea is
that I mean the consumers have a lot of
you know product browsing and click um
uh preferences but sometimes you want to
see new products right you want to see
something that you've never expressed
any interest in right and that was kind
of hard in your original architect
>> so how much is the cost savings that you
are able to help your merchants achieve
with AI
>> yeah so um because we are providing a
very comprehensive suit of tools for the
for our merchants right including
content generation including including
customer service including marketing and
all these other use cases but I'll just
I'll just give give you one example so
in AI customer service you know like
chatbot we provide our merchants and the
cost savings is actually 20 million
Chinese per day
>> your CEO did mention that Alibaba is
planning to increase capex spending
beyond the 380 billion UN that was
previously pledged do you have a
concrete number to share in terms of how
much more investment in
>> so obviously I'm not the right person to
answer that question um but I'm on you
know but I'm on the application end.
What I can tell you is that the actual
number of usage in terms of you know the
AI inference and tokens is actually
growing pretty fast.
>> So Alibaba is betting big on AI and they
appear to be stepping back a little bit
from their price competition. According
to our Bloomberg intelligence analyst
Katherine Lim, we're seeing Alibaba's
competitors like Dowin Quao uh and
others. They are launching the November
11 sales a few days earlier than
Alibaba, trying to lock in those early
orders and bundling incentives, but so
far Alibaba's average discounts is
around 15%, which is on par or narrower
than some of its competitors. And
according to Kathleen Lim, she's saying
that this means that Quao and JD, they
might have their GMV sales exceeding uh
Alibaba's for the second straight year.
But it seems like Alibaba for now is
confident that with their AI investment,
they're they're gunning for the
long-term returns and they're willing to
seed a bit of the short-term gain in the
meantime.
>> All right, Mim, thank you. Yeah,
hopefully their AI can help us figure
out what to buy for two sleepd deprived
anchors. Yes,
>> here in Hong Kong.
>> Great interview there, Mim Lo, our
channel correspondent joining us out of
that. If you're a subscriber and want to
rewatch that interview, you can watch it
through the our interactive function TV
go become part of the conversation. Send
us instant messages as well. Check it
out at TVGo.
[Music]
Some big corporate stories that we're
tracking for you today. The consortium
buying video game maker EA is set to add
more than a dozen banks to its
underwriting group. This comes after JP
Morgan put up 20 billion dollars of debt
to bankroll the leverage buyout. Around
15 banks are likely to join the
underwriting group with some taking
around 10% of the deal each while JP
Morgan will keep around 40% of the deal.
Bloomberg has learned that billionaire
Paul Singer Elliot Investment Management
is raising billions of dollars in new
cash. source tells us the hedge fund
will take in as much as $7 billion in a
fresh fundraising round as prepares for
new trading opportunities. The move
comes at a time some of the largest
multistrategy hedge funds remain closed
to cash. Citadel Securities India COO
Gustaf Ericson says the company is
mulling an entry into commodity markets
in India as it sees the country as a key
growth driver over the next decade. The
firm is scaling up its onshore business
in India which it says remains
unaffected by an investigation by the
nation's markets regulator into Jane
Street.
>> If I look at where growth is going to
come from in the next call it 2 3 years
in India and what gets me excited about
the market I think one is what something
you touched on earlier which is
deepening cash market liquidity. Two is
something like MCX and commodities we
see tremendous growth there
[Music]
>> right? So I mean they talked about the
big India story there that really takes
me to gold which we'll get to in a
moment there but yeah some of the big
decliners across the hanging tech index
where virtually every single stock with
the exception of one or two including
NEO which we'll get to in a moment is
down uh uh we're down about 2% on the
benchmark we've cut through the 50-day
moving average. We're now down this 12%
from just two weeks ago. So, we've
entered a correction this week and it
looks like uh we're extending this
rotation out of the big winners such as
tech uh into financials and income and
some of the dividend plays. We'll talk
about that in a moment. Gold and NEO
coming up on your screens as well. Very,
very
>> Yeah, let's start with gold, right? You
have gold, you have silver hitting
records there. Of course, the credit
fears in the US. You have also US China
trade tensions that's really fueling
that gold trade once again. So, some of
these miners are doing quite well with
the exception of Zujing Mining that's
down some 1% ahead of its earnings. But
yeah, gold spot, we're on track for
basically a tenth week of gains. Uh when
it comes to the precious metal, it's
really kind of spilling uh to the likes
of palladium platinum as well. We're on
track for some weekly gains there as
well. NEO, this stock uh seems to be
flying here today. Uh the big the big
story this week was of course this
shareholder lawsuit when it came to GIC,
the sovereign wealth fund in Singapore.
Looks like the stock right now recouping
some gains. We are up close to 3%.
>> Yeah, there we go. Uh on the other side
of this break, we'll talk more about the
big market themes of the day as we go
into the weekend, the week dollar story,
the weakness across equity markets, not
just in greater China. Coming up next,
we'll talk more about big tech
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session here. So, we were talking about,
you know, the US regional banks and some
of the wobbles there and really at a
time when trade tensions are kind of
ramping up between US and China doesn't
really do well when it comes to
risk-taking. And so, there you go. You
are seeing HSI now around those session
lows. We're down about 1% uh for the
gauge as well as with eight shares here
this morning. And I think interestingly
enough, we talked about that Morgan
Stanley note saying maybe now is not the
time to really kind of be piling on risk
right now and if tensions continue on
past November look overweight a shares
they say.
>> Yeah. Well, that's also where you really
have the I think for one you're seeing a
rotation into some of the big banks and
that's where you get the dividend plays.
That's also where you had the national
team uh in terms of providing a a more
solid floor as far as equity markets go.
U and just speaking of really what we've
seen, right? So what we showed you there
was the hanging and the hangsen China
which I think if you're more on the
bullish side that's really where you
should be looking because the hanging
tech is going to make you depressed
today when you look at where that's
trading we're down about 2% 12% now this
rotation out of it and some of the
communication services that's likes of
10-centent for example and that's just
this week alone and it's gone into the
big financials the big banksurers have
done very very well uh this week so this
rotation right within sectors within
factors are going into uh going into
some of the lag guards from uh the big
winners this week. The macro picture is
this. We had another very strong fixing
coming through out of the PBOC. Uh the
Bloomberg dollar index is on track for
the worst week since July. And we've now
fully priced a rate cut at the end of
the month here as far as the Fed goes
with a 2-year yield now effectively
trading at a three-year low. Uh the
other big story of course in case in in
the smallest chance that you missed it
is really gold, silver,
>> precious metals and we're now trading at
about it's crazy, right? We're a bad
we're a good day away from 4,400 in
gold.
>> Yeah, we have a great uh piece from
Shulie Ren, our Bloomberg opinion
columnist. She says it's semi-rational
what we're seeing in the gold run here
right now. We have her coming up in this
hour as well to talk that through. Uh
for more on market though, let's bring
in our Bloomberg Mine strategist Mark
Cranfield joins us from Tokyo here this
morning. Mark, you know, we we were
talking about, you know, it seems what
we're seeing in these kind of US
regional banks is reminiscent what we
saw back in 2023 with SVP coming at a
time when you are seeing this flare up
in tensions between the US and China. Do
you think this is more about a hit to
risk sentiment or do we really have to
start thinking about looking really
close into these balance sheets of these
regional banks? Now,
[Music]
>> um I think the the scary expression is
marked a myth. uh Bloomberg have a very
good story about this academic report
which has been looking into the private
equity space. Now that is closely linked
to what's going on in the regional
banking space as well because people
have been concerned for some time that
the the buildup in private equity assets
has really been very quick. It's
probably gone too far. Trillions of
dollars of money being sucked in there
even extending it to individual
investors as well. It used to be
something that only institutions played
in, but this year especially the net has
been widened to individuals as well. So
that means that asset quality almost
certainly has been deteriorating for a
while. And when traders see this
expression marked a myth, the more
seasoned people will be thinking back to
2008 because that's exactly what was
being talked about when the subprime
crisis came to a head because the
valuations were being a bit mythical in
some of the subprime sectors. There was
a lot of leverage. People were doing
some of their own valuations in the even
in the banking and hedge fund space
which are a little bit questionable. If
we're anything like that again, people
will be very nervous because we can all
remember how quickly things unraveled
back in 2008. It's certainly early days,
but when you get an academic warning
that already there are signals that we
should be worried about, people were
definitely going to take a step back and
they're going to start thinking about
should we be defensive, particularly as
we're we're into the fourth quarter now.
It's been a great year across many asset
classes. Wouldn't you want to book some
of that profit before you go in for year
end?
>> Well, Mark, speaking of, I'm glad you
ended on that because we are maybe
seeing that today or this week in in
Chinese tech. We're down 12% now from
the just two weeks ago. What do you
think is going on there?
>> Well, I think that's a lot of that is to
do with the fact that whether President
C and President Trump actually meet is
still an on-off decision.
whether anything worthwhile comes out of
it if they do meet. And then you've got
the the fact that there's really a lot
of uncertainty in terms of the the
valuation sector. Although we've seen
TSMC, we've seen ASML give good
projections for 2026. There's a very
high bar to satisfy people. We still got
to get through 10 cent and Alibaba
earnings as well coming up in the next
couple of weeks. and people will really
want to be given very aggressive
numbers, a very aggressive outlook to be
satisfied with what they've seen so far.
So it's no wonder that people are taking
a slightly defensive approach here.
There is a there's a lot of goodwill
priced into markets now. And then you
hear the the story today Bloomberg have
about Hong Kong is expecting up to 200
IPOs. Can you imagine the amount of
money that's going to be drained out of
the market if they really have a
pipeline of IPOs like that? No, no
market, no matter how good it is, can
sustain that number of IPOs and a lot of
them want to try and squeeze them in
before year end as well. There's going
to be a lot of money being taken out of
the market and that will affect tech
sector affect all sectors in the weeks
ahead.
>> Mark, just a just a quick note if you
could on gold. They mean there's a
almost a competition going on right now.
Name your technical indicator or name a
reason not to get into gold, but no one
seems to be listening to any of these
things.
>> Um, who said who knows whether today is
the turning point for for gold or not.
But I I would I would just point out
that today gold started spot gold
started about 33%
above its 200 day moving average. A lot
of long-term investors look at the
relationship between where a current
price is and where the average is. 5 10%
is a normal kind of range. 33% is
extraordinary. That means that if we do
get a a turnaround in gold, the dip
buyers could be a long way off. They
they we could be down several hundred
before we find any serious dip buying.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there in
Tokyo for us. M live strategist a
reminder really at this gold rally.
Okay. Uh just some news to tell you
about while we were just having the
conversation. BYD should be session
lowest coming up on your screens. This
about 116,000
cars being recalled here. Uh so the
Chinese regulator says that's according
to the Chinese regulator because of some
safety concerns down about 1.6%. I'm
still looking for more reasons. Ivan, do
you see anything on
>> the only thing that we're seeing in
terms of what safety concerns is that
there's a component design issue. So
that's the the motivation behind this
recall. So that's all really really what
we know so far. Uh but yeah, we are
seeing the stock react a little bit more
ne negatively uh on the back of this
news here this morning. Um so that
certainly is one thing to watch moving
forward. We do have that interview of
course with Celi. Uh we'll play replay
uh that of course was before this news.
Uh but take a look when it comes to
let's continue the story right when it
comes to regional bank stress in the US
and right the backtoback reveal of loan
fraud by some of these lenders right
Zion's Bank Western Alliance Bank Corp
is really renewing concerns on Wall
Street over the health of the financial
sector for more let's get to our
Bloomberg intelligence is Matt Ingram he
joins us live from Sydney here uh Matt
you of course you've been tracking
what's been going on overnight I mean
how do you think is the system placed
when it comes to this upsurge in bad
credit
Yeah, good day, David. Ivon, look, the
world's in a very different, healthier
place than it was in 2008. Uh, the Fed
and other central banks really forced
banks to balance to beef up their
balance sheets to really beef up their
liquidity. And so, smaller banks are one
thing, but when we think about the
system, the system is incredibly
healthy. Capital and liquidity ratios
are as healthy as they've ever been. So,
those big banks, the JP Morgans, Bank
Americas, etc., uh can withstand a
pretty big hit before before we'd be
concerned. So I think on that front
things look okay.
>> Related to this is a reminder of you
know private credit of course a lot of
people have gotten into that the
questions around maybe some credit
standards there. I mean are we seeing
bad things in private credit simply
because we're looking or is there
something to really worry about when it
comes to private credit?
>> That's the trillion dollar question
David. uh credit spreads are incredibly
narrow. Junk bonds are trading at almost
record low spreads. So that suggests
that the uh that the risk tolerance of
the market is is skyhigh. Uh should we
be worried about private credit? Well,
we're starting to see some of those some
of those bigger collapses. Jamie Diamond
obviously talked the other day about a
hit that they've taken. So, as I said to
you off air, I think caution is is
definitely the name of the game, but
should we be worried? Well, not yet.
in terms of in Asia then what what do
you think you know where are we seeing
that sort of big private credit exposure
now in the region
>> yeah look we've we've written a lot
about McQuary's exposure in their asset
management business they've grown that
now to $26 billion which is a which is a
decent chunk of their balance sheet
they're not on the hook for all of that
but certainly fast growth from McQuary
is something we're watching uh and as we
see these collapses of these big private
credits coming through. Uh we're not
seeing that flow through McCory's
portfolio, but certainly from our
coverage, uh that's where we're
watching. Uh very big book of private
credit. You'll note earlier in the year,
Mcquaryy sold their listed asset
businesses to focus more on this on this
private type uh private type asset. So I
think watch this space that that could
be something to keep an eye on.
>> Matt, thank you. Matt Ingram there,
Bloomberg Intelligence, senior industry
analyst joining us out of Sydney. Now,
despite fears of a bubble, we wishes Dan
Ies remains bullish when it comes to AI.
He joins us on next on where the next
wave of tech growth could come from,
whether any pullback is a buying
opportunity.
[Music]
All right, checking when it comes to
TSMC. That stock continues to fall here
this morning. We're down some 2% despite
these pretty blowout numbers that we got
in the earnings yesterday, right? When
it came to guidance and the like and
really talking about this AI mega trend.
So, you know, is it, you know, the
expectations were a little too high? Was
it all in the price already? That
certainly is a key question here as
well. And yeah, maybe, you know, despite
the fact that, you know, the AI demand
story still seems to be quite strong. I
think investors might already be ahead
of it.
>> Yeah, they they they've taken their some
of the bars maybe slightly below. I mean
just looking at just the one day
reaction, right? So obviously when you
look at the price targets for the stock
itself uh still substantially higher
than the current uh levels. The other
interesting bit of course this week was
the the US ADR premium over the Taiwan
listing actually hit a 20 plus year
high. But that's down to really market
mechanics uh apart from other things of
course. But yeah, the the capex figure
there was really the one that came in
quite uh optimistically. Okay, I'm going
to invent
>> optimistically. Yeah, joining us here uh
is always an optimistic Dan Ies when it
comes to tech, global head of technology
research at WeWish Securities. It's
great to have you back here in the
region.
>> Always great to be here.
>> What can I glean from these TSMC
results? And how's it going to tell us
about the earnings for the rest of the
tech?
>> It's 10:30 p.m. in this AI party. It
start at 900 PM and that party goes to
4:00 a.m. And the reality is like look,
this is going to be a two to threeyear
left in this bull cycle for tech. Look,
haters are going to hate. Bears will say
it's a, you know, this is a bubble. I
could just tell you this is a fourth
industrial revolution. We are just in
the early days of this playing out. I
think those numbers and we're going to
see throughout tech earnings, it's going
to be validation for the AI revolution.
And I think the bears look when the
bears are in hibernation mode they can't
see AI in spreadsheets.
>> The are you looking specifically for
anything in in the guidance of these of
the upcoming earnings?
>> Look I think demand the supply for
Nvidia chips are 10 to1
>> if so just start there. Okay then you
think about AMD now that they're you
know obvious
>> they're going to be in all these deals.
Intel gets brought in TSMC and then you
kind of if in a puzzle look at the
hyperscalers I think right now Microsoft
Google Amazon tracking anywhere from 5
to 7% above expectations look at Oracle
what they're seeing you put the pieces
together here in the puzzle especially
names like Palunteer and others it shows
this is the next phase of the AI
revolution and that's why I think we're
going to be talking about 25,000 NASDAQ
27 30,000 as this all plays out in this
AI super cycle.
>> I have to be a hater, I guess, because
of how bullish you are. Um, I'm not
really a hater, but I'm just gonna play
the
>> play the devil's advocate.
>> You mentioned about these deals, these
circular deals when you're talking about
trillion dollars that OpenAI is is
willing to kind of pay for. I mean, we
don't even know how they're going to get
the money for it, but what does that
tell you about, you know, where we are?
I mean, people say that is a bubble.
>> Sure. So, look, and I get that as
someone like myself covered tech stock
back in the '9s, right? So people make
comparisons. See, I viewed apples and
oranges cuz here you're building out the
next economy for enterprise, for
consumers, and we're talking about like
autonomous robotics, like the future.
>> So it's not like vendor financing that
we talk about.
>> Exactly. So, and I view it as like if
I'm if I'm Sam and Open AI, if I'm going
to give Lisa, Sue, and AMD a dollar, but
I'm going to get back $15 to $20, that
sounds like a good deal. And I think
that's essentially how this is playing
out. Look, I view as more collaboration
in terms of big tech in this buildout,
but that's where we are. I just don't
look, we're going to continue to have
these moments where investors be like,
"That's it. Oh, that's a sign of a
bubble." I just think right now street's
underestimating numbers anywhere from 20
to 30% over the next year.
Underestimating the super cycle for AI
and I think underestimating the second,
third, fourth derivative winners across
tech. Do we go a step further beyond
simply
vendor financing or collab? Let's call
it collabs. Do we get more mergers? Does
it make sense to vertically integrate
some parts of this?
>> Yeah, I mean think about where are the
choke holds power? So you're going to
see more and more acquisitions whether
it's on nuclear and fusion I believe
from big tech players, right? you think
about acquisitions on the use case side
because right now Messi of AI Palunteer
is really front and center but you got
names like MongoDB Snowflake and many
other in software where look software
backed against the wall right now right
and you saw that even like with
Salesforce and others so I think we're
going to see more and more M&A both from
software and big tech players look and
what that means that's just that's
bullishness you know in terms of where I
think these tech stocks you know go
going forward just given the trends a
deregulatory environment
a Fed debt's cut. I get the US China
tensions and that's something that that
obviously everyone's navigating, but I
think you continue to sort of this is a
game of high stakes poker and I think if
you've been able to navigate it, that's
how you've been able to make a lot of
money since April.
>> But if China is trying to enforce at
least this whole, you know,
>> the these export curbs around rare earth
for example, doesn't that have some sort
of impact on global?
>> I view it as all look, it's all
negotiation, right? I mean as I mean
this is this is all a game of poker and
then they're on the same side with US
and Nvidia but at the end of the day
China there's a super cycle going on US
super cycle so I don't view it
negatively maybe like some others
because I view it competition guess what
>> that's bull I mean you know our AI third
Ives AI30 we have Alibaba and BU because
I think that's bullish for China
>> just like what's happened in the US so I
view this much more of a global super
cycle as actually being led by US and
China rather than some sort of you know
battle and that's going to be negative
for for the names. What about just
short-term investment strategy, right?
So, Palunteer, good company, arguably
very bad stock. It's trading at I don't
know, but it's some crazy multiple. How
do you approach something like that
who's bullish, but you look at a
company, it should not be trading at
that.
>> Like a poundanteer, right? They they
hater they hated it at 12, despise it at
50. Yeah.
>> Yelling from the mountain tops at 100.
Okay.
>> One. So, the point is like they've
missed, you know, obviously this 15
bagger. I believe Palanteer is a
trillion dollar company in the next two
three years because my view is that if
you just focus on one year PE valuation
you miss every transformation you miss
every transformational growth stock the
last 20 years
>> so you have to be able to look out but
look I get it in terms of in the
spreadsheets they can't see these things
but if you for someone like myself
travels the globe I sim palanteer I view
that as really one of the leaders of
this AI revolution
>> uh how you you're you've been try you
traveling around the region.
>> Obviously, we've been talking a lot
about the China tech and AI AI sort of
race and the like. How do you see the
parallels or differences between the US?
Yeah, I think here look if I if I was to
compare over the years right last
skepticism you maybe four years ago
three years ago and now
>> no matter where you go in the regions
how who are the winners whether it's on
memory
>> infrastructure energy cuz the reality is
it's a deregulatory environment and you
can't fight the trend trillions being
spent okay you could argue valuation on
some of these names and and that's all
in the eye of the beholder but it's like
okay what are the second, third, fourth
derivative beneficiaries. And I actually
I think it's very positive in terms of
just overall sentiment. Look, you're
going to have some white knuckle
moments. You guys always talk and I get
that. But that's all part of this
journey where I believe tech stocks go
higher both in US as well as in China.
When you look across the the the AI
ecosystem that they're creating in
China, for example, everything from the
foundaries all the way to the designers
all the way to the end users. Where do
you where do you suspect the gaps are
going to be? In other words, where do
you see the opportunities as you draw
the parallels with what we're seeing
outside of China?
>> Look, China is clearly a headon and on
power, right? And that's going to be a
choke cold in the U. And that's why
nuclear and that definitely
>> is it nuclear by the way?
>> I believe it's going to be for us. I
think it's nuclear. I think nuclear
that's why Aqua is name that we've been
so bullish on. Look when you look at
China like robotics like massive
innovation that's happening. You look at
ultimately what's going to happen with
Huawei. What I believe Alibaba to me is
just a massively dislocated name. That's
why we're super bullish on it. BU is
another one. And I think what you what
you're now seeing is just this massive
innovation wave coming to China. It's
not just about big tech in China. It's
about whether it's on mobile, whether
it's on auto. So this is going to be a
time right now where I think globally
investors want to risk on when it comes
to the China market. I get this USChina
battle and we've been, you know,
navigating it, but you cannot let it
deter you from a fourth industrial
revolution that we're living in cuz it
comes down to if you watch the party
from the outside through the windows
>> at 6 a.m. the Bulls and the Bears meet
up at the diner. Bulls had a lot better
night than the Bears. So the point is is
that that speaks to my view in terms of
where we are.
>> You don't want to get in front of that
train. Yeah. Um when you talk about the
likes of Alibaba, likes of BU, is it is
it better in terms of in China to focus
on these big beta names or or do you
look at things like a camper con now as
a US investor?
>> I think for me right now it's about
China big tech. I I I still think it's
way oversold. I mean obviously you've
had some rebound but investors are not
appreciating what this can do for
Alibaba for buyer for JD in terms of
where I see it
>> and I think also like these are
companies that are transforming you know
maybe an auto company today might be a
mobility company you know over the next
year or two so to me it's big tech in
China that continues to be the core play
from a US perspective
>> and then ultimately you look at the
derivatives as this plays out on the
memory side and others
the you're here in the Asia Pacific
several several times a year. Do do you
notice a big difference between your
trips? How does that what's the sort of
the delta on you sort of on the ground?
>> I'd say delta let's say a few months ago
was a little more like ner a lot of
nervousness.
>> Okay.
>> Now it's like who do I invest in?
>> What what am I missing? Where do I go?
So it's I think it's much more of that
attitude across the world that I see
because look I think investors are
realizing like you can't fight these
when you have big tech spending 350
billion and probably going to spend 450
billion capbacks next year sovereigns
around the world now starting to get in
Middle East obviously UK and others the
biggest beneficiaries there it's US tech
it's China tech how do you how do you
capitalize on that
>> John fantastic to see you
>> great to be here as Thank you.
>> Let's do this again. Uh Dan Ives of
course global head of tech research at
Webber Securities. Uh plenty more ahead
here on the show. We will leave you just
with a look at cash markets as we go
into uh the weekend. Little bit of
weakness coming through. Cosby though is
continuing its record run albeit of
course fairly modestly today. Plenty
more ahead. This is the the China show.
[Music]
Some big stories that we're tracking for
you today. India's foreign ministry says
it's unaware of any conversation between
President Trump and Prime Minister
Narendra Modi hours after Trump said
Modi pledged to halt Russian oil
purchases. Now a spokesman says consumer
interests remain India's top priority in
energy imports. Trump imposed 50%
tariffs on Indian goods over its Russian
crude purchases. The White House is
poised to deliver a major win for
automakers, easing tariffs after months
of lobbying by Ford and GM. The Commerce
Department is expected to announce a
5-year extension of an arrangement that
allows car makers to reduce duties on
imported parts, a key offset to Trump's
record level auto tariffs. The
announcement could come as early as
Friday.
>> Speaking of autos, one stock we've been
focused on in the last 30 minutes is
BYD. Right now, we're trading at about
session lows. Not a lot, but it's a
quite a uh the news flow coming through
in this recall here. We're looking at
safety concern. Not a lot of details
just yet out of regulators, but
obviously this is just the latest in
what's really been a challenging I guess
optics environment for the stock itself.
And as you know, we've been stuck within
this 100 110 range for some time now. Uh
plenty more ahead here on the China
show.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going into that lunch break here
right now. We are still seeing a down
arrow story when it comes to stocks
there. We're down about 9/10en of 1% on
the NK225. We just got some lines
crossing the last few minutes and local
media has been reporting about what the
opposition party leader is now saying in
terms of a coalition chance with the
LDP. They're putting those odds now at
5050. This is according to Hirou
Yushimura, the co-leader of Isin here.
So if that's the case, if they can
actually get push this forward, uh you
know, there is still a chance that the
LDP leader Sai Takahichi uh can become
Japan's first female prime minister. But
again, it's down to a coin toss here
right now, according to Isan as well. In
terms of what we're tracking, obviously
there is still a date that's set in
place where the LDP and CDP have now
agreed to nominate the new prime
minister on the 21st. That's a date that
we are now circling around for that,
Dave.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, separately, right, the
I mean, we're trying to figure out
because this Takahuchichi trade actually
took shape about a week and a half ago,
and we'll see how really strong that is
in terms of sector groups and and the
BOJ. The the the other thing we want to
talk about, well, let's let's stay here
on theme here. So, you have
we talked about some sector plays,
right? So, you have nuclear and then you
have defense poised to gain uh from any
coalition led by the LDP. That's that's
of course the the the the big assumption
and if there Alice French joins us right
now uh to talk us through the taking
stock piece of the day. Alice, good
morning from Hong Kong. Thanks for
joining us. So h how has you know how
have these sector plays evolved around
what now seems to be still a very fluid
situation in Japan
>> morning. Yeah, absolutely. I mean it's
it's all about the Takayichi trade as
you mentioned and and whether or not
we're going to see a revival in that. We
saw a bit of a lull this week when there
was a moment there where it looked like
we could have an opposition prime
minister. And of course that's still not
entirely out of the question, but it
does now look more likely that Takahuchi
will be able to figure out some kind of
coalition to to take that top spot. And
of course that means this Takahuchi
trade which is essentially buy into
stocks, sell JGBs, sell the yen and
within stocks in particular, anything
that would benefit from her kind of pro-
stimulus approach. So as you mentioned
defense is big. She she wants to restart
some of the nuclear reactors. So
anything kind of nuclear or energy
related, infrastructure, tech,
construction, all of those things really
kind of uh, you know, grew last week
after we found out that she was the new
head of the LDP. And so, you know,
investors expecting more gains in those
areas if she is able to to secure that
prime ministerial position. But of
course, I think they need a bit more
clarity around whether she can actually
do that before sort of piling all in
back again.
>> Yeah, certainly. you know, as they say,
it's it's it's a 50-50 bet here right
now. How are people looking at this
whole Taki trade now? You know, what are
analysts saying? What does it mean for
equities moving forward?
>> Yeah, I mean, it's interesting actually
if if you speak to to strategists and
and fund managers too, I mean, to be
honest, whether we end up with an an
oppositionled government or a Takahuchi
le government, both of them are probably
going to be, you know, pretty pro-
stimulus. both of them want more
government spending um and and sort of
fiscal expansion which of course is is
good news for equities. Interestingly on
the Ishin side of things as you
mentioned at the top you know we have
this now quite decent possibility that
we could have an LDP Ishin coalition.
Now Ishin is Osaka based okay that that
city um that that is pretty popular with
tourists too. So there's expectation
that if Ishin were to join the ruling
coalition there'd be more investment
into Osaka. they would push for that
kind of you know those kind of policies
in the government and so we saw
yesterday actually companies that
operate in the Osaka area so things like
local railways really rallying yesterday
on expectations of of extra spending so
that's another area of the market that I
guess you know people might have
expectations for of course banks remain
a big issue right we know that Takayichi
is is slightly more easy when it comes
to her monetary policy stance and there
is a bit of speculation that she might
put you know some pressure on the BOJ it
might be harder to to raise those rates
going forward and we had seen banks
really suffer from that last week. Of
course, we know BOJ decision coming up
in the next couple of weeks. I think
that will as we move past the PM vote
expecting next week that that will be a
really big area of focus and and the
bank sector will be kind of a bell
weather I think for for how people are
feeling.
>> All right. So, is it is it worth trying
to predict what the BOJ is going to do
in two weeks time or do we need to wait
for the vote and then we'll we can talk
about it?
It's tough. I think if if you look at,
you know, overnight swaps right now, it
looks like we're looking at a maybe kind
of 15 to 20% chance of of that hike. Um,
which is a lot lower than people were
expecting before Takahuchi was was
elected, right? So, I mean, I do think a
lot will rest on what happens next week.
Uh, but we know that UEA yesterday can,
you know, he's he's leaving the door
open for a near-term hike. And so it's
definitely not out of the question, but
with all of this political uncertainty,
not just in Japan, but of course
globally and sort of jitters around
those that that fiscal spending. I think
yeah, it's still up in the air and and
people will be looking for any even
slight mention of kind of a change in
approach from the BOJ or from the
government. And so yeah, I think I think
the next week is is going to be really
pivotal in terms of that that monetary
policy outlook.
>> All right. Well, you're going to be
busy. Alice, thank you so much. Alice
French in Tokyo for us. Here are some of
the other stories we're tracking right
now. So, we'll start things off here
with UBS. It's tightening its scrutiny
of client money sources uh in its wealth
hubs here across the Asia Pacific.
That's pushing some customers for
greater disclosures to reduce the risk
of further clashes when it comes to
conversations with regulators. Now, the
is bigback uh lender has yeah, we know
of course it is based there um has
enlisted Deote and KPMG to review client
documentation primarily in Singapore.
but also in Hong Kong for any illicit
activity. Now, global banks are ramping
up hiring in Taiwan's booing $8 trillion
wealth market as the island opens a new
private banking zone in Gaoong. Uh UBS,
HSBC, BNP are some of the ones that
expanding their teams to tap a surge in
homegrown affluence fueled by this
massive AI boom and semiconductor
demand. Now, Taiwan has more
millionaires than Hong Kong and nearly
twice as many as Singapore, making it
Asia's next big wealth prize.
>> Now, Alibaba is carrying out the
large-scale deployment of its generative
AI across its e-commerce platforms for
the first time during this year's
Double1 Shopping Festival. Speaking
exclusively to Bloomberg, Group Vice
President Ky Fu Jang also told us how
the technology is helping partner
merchants and enhancing the overall user
experience.
We actually uh did a very substantial
rework uh of our search and
recommendation this year starting with
our two billion product listings, right?
Because we have really one of the
biggest product category in the world uh
which is two billion strong and we we
actually used AI and large language
model to rework that underlying product
catalog. We enriched the product content
when they also reindexed the entire
product catalog which is a foundation
for the search engine. And you can ask
our search engine what is the best gift
for someone who's really stressed out in
high school and he's having headaches
for example right and AI will be able to
comprehend your under your your uh your
semantic query and to analyze your
underlying need and give you uh
recommendations of the right products.
So this was not possible in a simplistic
search engine where you have to tell the
search a product name and it's going to
give you that particular product.
>> So you mentioned 20% increase in product
relevance. So does that mean we can
expect very robust numbers from this
year's November 11 sales thing.
>> So so 20% is actually a very large
number right because I mean we operate a
very mature tax stack. I mean this
technology stack has been optimized
>> year over year for many years. So you
don't often see 20% lift in AB testing
but we are able to achieve that um with
large language model. Um, of course
there are modifiers, right? That's 20%
increase in relevance when the
consumer's queries are semantically
complex, right?
>> How much is the conversion rate though?
>> So, so uh, so if you have a 20% uplift
in relevance, the conversion rate
improvement is also quite significant.
We are able to achieve a 10% improvement
in our clickthrough uh, by using large
language model to give the consumer more
positive surprises. Right? And the idea
is that I mean the consumers have a lot
of you know product browsing and click
um uh preferences but sometimes you want
to see new products right you want to
see something that you've never
expressed any interest in right and that
was kind of hard in your original
architect
>> so how much is the cost savings that you
are able to help your merchants achieve
with AI
>> yeah so um because we are providing a
very comprehensive suit of tools for the
for our merchants right including
content generation including in customer
service including marketing and all
these other use cases but I'll just I'll
just give give you one example so in AI
customer service you know like chatbot
we provide our merchants and the cost
savings is actually 20 million Chinese
per day
>> your CEO did mention that Alibaba is
planning to increase capex spending
beyond the 380 billion UN that was
previously pledged do you have a
concrete number to share in terms of how
much more investment in
>> so obviously I'm not the right person to
answer that question um but I'm on you
know but I'm on the application end.
What I can tell you is that the actual
number of usage in terms of, you know,
the AI inference and tokens is actually
growing pretty fast. And for the
merchant side, I would say that u uh we
see a lot of potential for cost
reduction and efficiency improvement for
our merchants. Um uh it's it's kind of
hard to give a a specific number. Um but
I but I would say that we are seeing
exponential growth in token consumption
on the merchant side. So they are using
more and more AI tools in their
day-to-day operation and if you
extrapolate that for three years I would
say that a lot of the merchants will
become very you know like AI focused in
their day-to-day operation and yeah
>> when it comes to e-commerce we know the
Chinese government has summoned some
companies to end that invaluation
campaign. What specific steps is Alibaba
taking in order to end this race to the
bottom when it comes to prices? Yeah,
the involution the anti-evolution
campaign right so basically uh I mean so
if you look at the idea of
anti-evolution the idea is that we want
to encourage product innovation right so
we want to deliver higher value to the
consumers instead of just competing on
price and I would say that uh I mean if
you look at all the application we are
currently working on all of them are
focused on delivering better value to
the consumers right so it's not about
really price competition but it's really
about product innovation right
>> when do you see prices reflating in a
healthy manner realistically.
>> Uh so I mean so that is uh I mean so
that is a complicated question because
when we look at our data we you know the
the the prices in different categories
among different consumer groups they are
all different right there are a lot of
product innovations everywhere and
oftent times product innovation will
lead to higher prices. So it's kind of
hard to put an overarching statement on
do we where do we see the prices are
heading but definitely I see the the the
the I mean so the dynamism right is
actually uh very strong.
Yeah, that was Minman's conversation
with uh the Alibaba vice president Kyu
Jang uh just very very recently of
course right for our Bloomberg
subscribers and Bloomer clients you can
check out that interview on TV go that's
the interactive TV function and yeah
become part of the conversations plenty
more ahead here on the China Well,
[Music]
right, welcome back. A glance at the
precious metal space in an update of
so's actually going the opposite way of
gold. They have been fairly handinhand
and correlations been quite strong
between the two. Um, we're slightly
coming off the highs of the of the
session on spot specifically. The reason
I bring that up and we're still up by
the way. Uh anybody's looking for a sign
of a trigger here could not, you know,
might not happen today, but certainly
when you look at price strength and the
the strength behind the move, it's
certainly one of those times already
after what nine weeks of gains where
people are starting to uh feel the itch
to to sell, but maybe maybe not today.
>> Yeah, there's certainly plenty of
drivers of why we continue to see people
like the Bank of Americas of the world
that are pricing in and thinking that
5,000 is very much in sights when it
comes to gold prices here. And this
rally is really tied in part to eroding
confidence in the US dollar as well.
Here's a closer look at what is driving
its rise and what it means for the
global financial system.
>> Metal is having a moment.
Not this kind though. Sadly,
>> gold hits another record.
>> Spot gold prices have climbed above
$4,000 an ounce for the first time. I'm
extremely the keyboard is scared.
>> During times of economic and political
and financial turbulence, you buy the
dollar, you buy US treasuries, you seek
safety. Not so much now. Now you buy
gold.
>> What we're seeing at the moment is not
like anything really that we've seen
over the last couple of decades.
>> In October, gold extended its already
furious run from last year and showed
few signs of abating. Excitement is
evident online, on shopping streets, and
in capital markets.
>> Just gold, gold, gold the whole time.
>> This gold rally really looks unstoppable
at this time.
>> With any rally, it naturally makes
people worried. Is this a bubble? Is
this going to pop soon?
>> I think it is a warning sign that people
are very anxious.
>> Gold is the ultimate safe haven asset, a
heart rate monitor, if you will, to the
health of the global financial system.
And because of that, when you see a
spike in the gold price, your first
question should really be, what's gone
wrong?
Okay. Yeah, there we go. Fantastic piece
again from our team at Bloomberg
Originals. You can watch more of that uh
documentary on.com and also on the
YouTube channel. Uh Bloomberg Originals
YouTube channel. Uh really on I mean
gold and the continuing superlatives
we're we're talking about here.
>> Yeah. I mean is it an inflation hedge?
Is it something that central banks are
buying? Is it
>> a chameleon? Could be anything.
>> Geopolitical tensions. I mean it could
be any sort of way you look at it.
>> Um yeah we are approaching the nine
weeks of gains there. Um when it comes
to gold and I think truly had a really
interesting piece about
>> the sort of semi-rational run. I think
you know they mentioned that even JP
Morgan's you know Jamie Diamond talking
about gold and how attractive is now was
some sort of inflection point as well.
Um, so you know it continues to be that
sort of up arrow story. It's hard to
kind of put any reason why this gold
rally can actually go too far but the
technicals as you say look outrageous,
right?
>> Yeah. And not that that has stopped the
rally. It's just merely an observation
at this point in time. Right. I think
Mark Cranfield has a very good post on
Mive today for our Bloomberg clients is
when you look at uh when you look at the
starting point for spot gold today was
already trading at a 30% premium to the
200 day moving average which to him is
pretty much insane and then it still
rallied beyond uh beyond that point in
time but I guess to some extent
technicals this can remain overbought
for several uh more months and I think
we had a guest earlier on this week and
said one of the early red flags she
would look at when it comes to gold is
when the correlation between gold and
stocks starts to come together because
gold's supposed to be the hedge once it
starts behaving like other things like
most other things like stocks that's one
of the early signs you think uh that you
we might start to see a a pivot back
down in gold prices.
>> Interesting. Yeah. But it still brings
the whole thing about debasement, right?
Um whether you know the likes of crypto
and gold have basically replaced assets
like bonds and FX here right now. Um,
and that continues to be a big debate
around that as well. I think with that
Bank of America call 5,000, right? What
could drive that is purely investment
demand,
>> they say. And if investors increase
their purchase by just 14%,
>> gold is going to hit 5,000, they say.
>> And that's the that's that's the low end
of the projections, right? And I think,
you know, when Goldman joined us
>> similarly a few weeks ago, they said
4,800. But there, you know, when we
asked what the risk was, oh, the risk
was to the upside. Yeah,
>> because we might just get more flows
coming through out of the private
sector. I think yesterday A&Z actually
came out and updated their forecast to
only 4600, which is bizarre when you
think about when I say only 4,600, but
it just goes to show people are really
catching up to this to this gold trade
uh here as well. Okay. Uh just to also
mention the Bitcoin chart that we just
showed you there and that ratio has
really just underscores how behaviorally
these two assets have just gone uh
completely diverse from each other and
now people talk about is bitco you know
was bitcoin the new gold looking at how
prices are behaving. The answer is no.
Bitcoin is certainly treated as a risk
asset. I mean, what we saw with crypto
on on on last Friday up, you know, up
until now, people are still kind of
licking their wounds and kind of looking
at what what really is the damage being
brought there when it comes to to
Bitcoin and the liquidations that we saw
there. So, yeah, that divergence has
been quite clear in the past week or so.
Uh, that certainly is is a big thing to
watch here, but you know, obviously
we're still continue to watch Bitcoin.
We're still at 108,000 levels here.
You're seeing a really good uh when it
comes to XRP here. We had some ripple
lines earlier breaking there that maybe
is fueling that uh crypto here this
morning. So that certainly is uh seeing
a bit of recovery after what has been a
really volatile seven days when it comes
to crypto markets as well. Um but yeah,
I mean next week is pretty quite
telling, right? We have GDP data coming
out of China, a lot of data coming
through here. So certainly we we are
going to be seeing a lot of moves there
maybe potentially. We'll see. Yeah,
that's the week before it gets extremely
busy on the geopolitical front and the
central bank front. There's a three
there's a three-day window where you
have everything from APEC and you have
>> the Fed
>> Fed BJ ECB Bank of Canada and everything
in between. There we go. So, it's going
to be busy. So, we're going to um load
up on our sleep and get ready for that.
My correction, by the way, uh this was
my mistake. Uh miscounted it. So, we are
we are now only on nine weeks of gains
as far as gold is concerned. We get to
10 weeks next week. The the record, by
the way, in case you're curious, is I
believe 11 weeks back in the early early
1970s. By the head, this is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Right, welcome back. just an update on
BYD and of course the um announcement
coming through from regulators earlier
on uh I think it's about 15 16,000 as
far as this um calling back of some
vehicles are concerned. So we're now in
fact now pushing below 2% on the stock
price recession lows as we as we speak
on BYD
>> and Chinese automakers are making a
bigger push to tap into overseas markets
as we talked about and Africa is in its
sights here in terms of the growing EV
market there. Stella Lee, the executive
vice president at BYD, says the company
is gearing up to roll out up to 300 fast
charging stations across South Africa by
the end of 2026. She told Bloomberg
Jennifer Zaba Zazaja how this major move
fits into BYD's broader expansion plans.
>> If we don't invest on flash charger,
then this will be challenging, right?
because here we still is a big country
here and then still EV ranch and the
infrastructure is are the two big
concern. So that's reason the big news
for us in here is we're going to
officially announced to invest flash
charging uh infrastructure here in South
Africa. How much we're going to we're
going to put maybe 200 to 300 before end
of next year.
>> How much are you willing to put in
though for that? Oh, this is big money
because each flash charging cost a lot
of money. So, this is a big investment
as our uh like a step one.
>> Let's talk about other expansion plans.
Uh you haven't been in the US at this
point. Are you talking to the Trump
administration at all potentially about
moving there?
>> Well, we didn't have plan to into the US
market.
>> What about Europe? Let's talk about your
play there. How do you how do you
mitigate some of the risks that the
regulators are maybe putting on your
company to expand? I think we we're
doing very well in Europe and also our
facility in Hungary will start operation
uh by end of this year. Then in Q1 next
year we will start to do ramp up uh to
produce our car over there. So BYD
already in the position turning ourself
to be local producer over there. So then
BYD is doing very well and then on
dealer networking on after sales service
and the people just enjoy our car.
>> There's some reports that potentially
Spain could be the next hub uh in
Europe. Can you give any validity to
those reports? uh I don't I don't really
follow that and my big like a uh more
follow is really satisfy our consumer
our customers uh like a needs and then
for a lot of politic a lot of topic is
is like a for us is a short-term play
but the BY is long-term player we need
focus on where regional like a market if
we produce uh like in Europe we hire
like a 10,000 20,000 local job then we
become European like a manufacturer.
We're part of this party.
>> There we go. That was Stella Lee, of
course, the uh EVP of BY to from one big
interview to another. This one is coming
up as you can see on the Michelle
Hussein show. Uh Mark Carney, Prime
Minister of Canada to debut the debut
episode. Of course, their subscribers
can find the full interview. You can
catch this on a terminal on the internet
on loomberg.com and of course later on
on YouTube as well. So yep, that's it
from us this week. Thank you for joining
us these last five days. We'll see you
all on Monday. Have a great weekend.